I visited the Union Grill for lunch with an old co-worker and really had a wonderful meal. We both had the California salad, which was absolutely huge and delicious. It came with a little bread stick, which was delicious as well. Service was excellent. This is a great place to have a slightly more upscale lunch experience compared to some other spots on Craig Street. I am looking forward to coming back!
Delicious old school bar/restaurant. Love the ornate woodwork and white tablecloths. Service was absolutely excellent. I had the pot roast with the red skinned mashed potatoes and cole slaw. The meat was so tender and flavorful, and the potatoes...yum! The Cole slaw was delicious too, and I'm VERY picky about Cole slaw. 
Delicious! We've always meant to stop in to try the place and we finally did! The atmosphere is nice, the local draft list is great and the fish taco and fish sandwich were out of this world. HUGE potions! We easily could have shared and still have leftovers. The menu isn't huge but that's a good thing! The people sitting around us were regulars and echoed the same. We will definitely return.
I will start this review on a positive note. My meal was delicious and I would highly recommend it: the char-grilled chicken sandwich. The waffle fries were amazing and the choose-your-own toppings option is something I would love to see on every menu. The atmosphere has nice ambiance and they seemed to have a great selection of drinks. However, our server Christine was extremely rude and only visited our table 4 times including when she dropped off our food and check. She was very short with us and never offered drink refills or asked us how our meals are. We wanted to order dessert but after waiting approximately half an hour to flag her down, she immediately jumped to "separate checks?"; I assume she said this because we were young. We never ordered dessert. Another thing to note: this restaurant was very small and the tables were very close to one another. During our meal, another table was being seated next to ours. The hostess asked us to move our OWN table as if we had put it their ourselves. 
Took a completely useless Uber ride to get to this place because didn't realize it was within walking distance. Didn't have to wait at all around 12 on Sunday. Ordered the Turkey Devonshire and it was truly one of the best meals I've had in a while. Tons of cheese which I am a huge fan of. Service was great and the drinks are also large. Girlfriend ordered the French dip sandwiches which she says were very good as well. Overall a nice small restaurant with a great atmosphere and great food. Will be returning in the future.
This place is in our regular lunch rotation. Excellent food. Turkey Devonshire is awesome. Chicken tenders are made in-house and won't disappoint. I like the recent $1 / $2 mini deserts. I think the $10 bottle of wine is a great deal. The draft beer selection is usually pretty good but the $4 mugs seem small (definitely not a 12oz pour).
Today we order pierogies. They were undercooked and tasteless. The dishes were not cooked properly and quality of food is really bad. Even the service is really and very rude. They have do not care attitude and there is no humbleness. It was my bad day I went to Union Grill.
Good, hearty food at decent prices! Also has warm service. Recommended! Enjoyed the beer battered fish, fish taco, New York strip, and burgers. Rainbow trout was also a treat. Haven't had a bad good here yet.
Bad service!! Take to long to have our food. We ask for a beer and take like 10 min to have it.
Have to get the homemade chicken fingers.  Burgers good too.  Good priced beer and wine. A great value all around.
The menu is large, the portions are even larger, and the prices are reasonable.  The quality of the food is excellent.  They have an entire menu dedicated to salmon.  Other specialities are the pot roast and crab cakes.  There's usually a wait at lunch time so come early!
This restaurant is easily in my top 5 local favorites.  The restaurant has a warm feeling to it and great for catching up with a group of friends or family.  They offer $10 bottles of wine which is probably the cheapest wine deal you will ever find!  The portions are generous for the price. I highly recommend the UG Fish Taco, UG Burger, or the Turkey Devonshire in no particular order.  If you are hungry and can't wait for the main course try the nachos or a crock of French onion soup! Don't leave the Union Grill without trying the s'mores for dessert!!!
I dined at the Union Grill last Summer with my friends and our moms (girls night out), and we had a wonderful time! The food was excellent and very reasonably priced.  We especially loved the smores dessert that we ordered!  In addition, the service was solid for us having a larger group (8 people).  I will definitely be going back!
Best Reuben Grill made with roasted turkey ever. Fun atmosphere, great service, and fresh interesting food.
I got the fish taco which was pretty good but I would recommend splitting with another person since it's so big. I'm giving this place 3 stars because of the experience with slow waiter. He took a long time to get water and napkins and I kept needing to make eye contact with him. The second thing was I'm pretty sure he forgot to get our food because it took 40min to get to our table and the food was pretty much already cold and fries were hard. 
Our waiter Drew was incredibly kind for a rather large group. The food was incredibly satisfying and didn't strike me as typical "American" food in the bad way (ie not greasy)- it was WONDERFUL! Vegan options are there if you take out the cheese!
Large salad (be warned - there are a lot of onions on the Greek Salad.)  Good nachos and great waffle fries.  The waiter was friendly and attentive.  We will be back.
1. 10 dollar bottles of wine. Yes, you heard me. 10 DOLLARS. They are actually decent wines, too! The Sea Glass Pinot Noir is my favorite. 2. Fast and fresh food with quality ingredients. I usually get the NY Strip steak salad and I've never once gotten sick from food allergy cross contamination. The meat is always seasoned well and tender. 
Union Grill's been on my to-eat list for over 2 years now and I finally got around to coming here. As one of the more busy restaurants on Craig, I had pretty high hopes for the place, and I was pretty disappointed -- though I suspect this was due to what I ordered. The food was OK, quite expensive, slow to serve, and was quite frankly, just inferior to Stack'd in every way.
The service is generally good and the ambience is really pleasant. I usually see a lot of older Pittsburghers there. They have TV's there which is usually tuned to any game that is airing. It looks a lot more expensive from the outside than it actually is.  